Add String Tutorial (#8)
kennykerr/blog: src/rust-getting-started/string-tutorial.md

> # Working with Strings in the Windows Crate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Working with strings in the windows crate
```

> Calls involving strings can be tricky; there are several different types of strings in the Windows APIs:

Reviewer: Try to be as concise as possible. The fact that this topic exists is sufficient to indicate that strings can be tricky. 😊
```suggestion
There are several string types in the Windows APIs including:
```

  - `HSTRING`: A handle to a Windows Runtime string. HSTRINGS are UTF-16 and immutable. 

Note that you can pass BSTR or HSTRING to functions expecting a PCWSTR. 

Unfortunately, none of these types match Rust types one-to-one. However, we can use the `windows-strings` crate to help us. 

## Types of API Functions (Narrow or Wide)

The Win32 API divides string functions into their "narrow" version (ending in 'A', like `MessageBoxA`), and their "wide" version (ending in 'W', like `MessageBoxW`). Narrow versions of the API expect u8 byte strings, encoded using the current thread's code page, while wide versions expect UTF-16. 

As a general recommendation, you should prefer wide versions; it's much easier to convert between Rust's UTF-8 strings and Windows' UTF-16.

## Calling APIs that Consume Strings

Let's look at an example using the simple [`MessageBox` function](https://microsoft.github.io/windows-docs-rs/doc/windows/Win32/UI/WindowsAndMessaging/fn.MessageBoxW.html), which displays a pop up dialog box. We'll use the wide version (`MessageBoxW`) for this example. 

> If you want to call a Windows API using a string literal, the `windows-strings` crate has macros to generate windows strings from string literals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to call a Windows API using a string literal, the `windows-strings` crate has macros to generate Windows strings from string literals:
```

  - `h!` generates an HSTRING from a string literal, adding a null terminator and converting to UTF-16.
  - `w!` does the same, but generates a PCWSTR instead of an HSTRING. 

>   - `s!` generates a PCSTR with a null terminator. **TODO: does this do any conversion**

Reviewer: It just appends a null terminator.

If we wanted to call the message box we could use the windows crate with the `Win32_UI_WindowsAndMessaging` feature, and call:

```rust

> fn show_message_box_literals() -> MESSAGEBOX_RESULT {

Reviewer: Brevity can be helpful - none of these functions add any additional insights - its simpler and easier to read just to include the code snippets without the surrounding functions. The rustdoc compiler also suggests avoiding wrapper functions.

Author: My thought was that the function signature gave a bit more details on the type of string being returned for the later functions, but I can definitely revise and add comments to provide the same information.

    // use string literals when calling a message box. 
    let text = h!("Hello from rust!");
    let caption = h!("From Rust");

    unsafe {
        UI::WindowsAndMessaging::MessageBoxW(None, 
            text, 
            caption,
            UI::WindowsAndMessaging::MESSAGEBOX_STYLE(0) // message box OK
        )
    }
}
```

This works, but what if we wanted to call the same function with a Rust string? That gets slightly more complicated. We could manually convert to a UTF-16 series of bytes, and add the null terminator ourselves, like this:

```rust
fn show_message_box_u16_conversion(text: &str, caption: &str) -> MESSAGEBOX_RESULT {
    // convert our text and caption to UTF-16 bytes
    let mut text = text.encode_utf16().collect::<Vec<u16>>();
    let mut caption = caption.encode_utf16().collect::<Vec<u16>>();

    // add null terminators
    text.push(0u16);

>     caption.push(0u16);

Reviewer: In defense of the Standard Library, this is typically simpler using encode/chain/collect.
